the secret to emotional equilibration is
to maintain constant vigilance over the
contents of your Consciousness behind
every feeling is a thought and certain
thoughts will predictably lead to
certain emotional states if you're able
to root out those thoughts while they're
still small they won't have a chance to
flues into emotions which means that you
won't have to cope with them emotionally
which is generally more time consuming
painful and expensive better to rip them
out while they're still small and the
way to do this is through the block and
replace technique you become aware of
the thought I shouldn't have toing deal
with this well who says like where the f
is that written why shouldn't you have
to deal with this since you're
apparently dealing with a woman who
hasn't entirely clarified her own
communication and you're dealing with
yourself who has yet to cultivate
sufficient patience to withstand her
provocations expecting reality to be
other than it is is just asking to be
disappointed and frustrated but whose
fault is that do you understand what I'm
saying this is harsh but it's effective
