sexual Marketplace value is something
that people are understandably very
sensitive about at least when it's
applied to themselves everyone makes use
of it to some degree When selecting for
relationships even if it's just a
quantity as opposed to like a numeric
value when people tell women that they
could do better they're making use of
sexual Marketplace value as a quantity
if not as a specific number and the
economic principle is that you have
limited time energy attention most
people are looking for a monog
relationship which means that if they're
exchanging that commitment to one person
they're not giving it to any other
person on the planet so they
understandably want to be sure that
they're transacting with their perceived
best option they're getting the most for
what they're willing to give in return
MH and sexual Marketplace value is
generally how people determine what
their perceived best option is when
they're looking to mate and date
