first and foremost it's important to
appreciate that big things can have
Small Beginnings an entire Forest can be
burned down from the flame from a single
spark in the context of the present
discussion this means that many
arguments with women begin with a very
small Catalyst and this is exactly where
men need to be most cautious as they are
often subject to thinking that these
small catalysts shouldn't really matter
or are no big deal and that isn't
necessarily
true that said these small catalysts are
vulnerable precisely because they're
small it's always easier to pull a weed
that has just sprouted than to wait
until it sunk its roots deep into the
ground so this danger is also our
opportunity the opportunity to nip a
potential problem in the bud before it
becomes a problem as such
