well I wrote the book for everybody but
I'm sure not everyone will be for the
book that's kind of the way I put it
it's not explicitly for men at least not
exclusively I mentioned that in the
preface and I think that's because any
kind of sustainable solution the sexual
Marketplace has to be palatable to both
men and women and I think that
prioritizing one side needs and wants
unduly over the other is not really a
recipe for long-term
success that said I can imagine that the
book would be challenging for folks who
have a more romanticized view of
relationships I mean the subtitle is
understanding the economic model of
relationships and putting the word
economic that close to relationship
already Ruffles a lot of people's
feathers
